the ox is only for journalistic security and
December 2011 and do bazar pop the site
already in the sixth position now I have not seen
Obvious you're not happy and it started.
in the six exhibitors it covers 5 20
then one thing there is no legal provision and
many people demand not only among the
goers customers who want
When will you have your next job?
women entrepreneurs and want to
enter the market on April 3 the
own minor and also to search
gets a lot of fashion student do
search
So something is settling in the
market bazaar
I always wanted to come and see that I love you.
fashion on the website that is what is being
great movement is very good
the people are very fun too
Tag Fight
everything at home has this most modern thing
cutest and so I think it's a
differential bost neco talks what clothes
plus size clothes back I think
here you can prove that you can make a
clothing ample ice more authoral more
nice with personality
Let's show that the woman can
know that the verse has printed clothing
colored all kinds just as I like it
That's why I did project thinking.
in the east as it is that they are good it does not have
six sides are quite large but meeting
the most modern and colorful ones for your
physical type
now in session and intense for
invest and grow more and more
looking for a block out without being in
instagram on facebook
the diversity of products to for
offer to an audience so has a
difficulty of finding good products
young quality to which a niche is
gigantic market that is looking for
but lack of material
I think cool clothes of my size do not
Are there any clothes I can afford?
time department and in stores
specific fashion plus size
It's all too old
Do not worry anyway.
there was a bazaar where you have finep fashion
young fashion for everyone and
sizes for all halls is also
very good
understand this audience
What is the poorly served public is you?
working with waste have it that
people have the will to gather
there's more fun with an audience that
usually have difficulty then
people can get values ​​are
Happy I do not think this great
differential and a focus of being an am bazaar
physique to pulse and yes with this footprint
younger then I think it's two
differentials of the director of suzano who
they have out there in an environment that is
Nice relaxed or I understand a little
of all ages all profiles
and see their satisfaction finding the
things they were looking right through your being
different